README.md, before:

# lsd_modern (WIP)
 C++ code to try to modernize the original Line Segment Detect code

## Line Detection Comparison
![LSD](https://github.com/ibaiGorordo/lsd_modern/blob/main/doc/img/lines.jpg)

- **pytlsd C++** (left): 214 ms per call
- **Opencv C++** (right): 48 ms per call

## Gaussian Blur Comparison
![Gaussian blur](https://github.com/ibaiGorordo/lsd_modern/blob/main/doc/img/gaussian_blur_diff.png)

- **pytlsd C++** (left diff with Opencv): 47 ms per call
- **Separable Convolution Gaussian blur** (right diff with Opencv): 15 ms per call
- **Opencv C++**: 6 ms per call

# Ref:
- LSD paper: [LSD: A Line Segment Detector](https://www.ipol.im/pub/art/2012/gjmr-lsd/)
- Original C code: [lsd c code](https://github.com/theWorldCreator/LSD)
- pytlsd repo: [pytlsd](https://github.com/rpautrat/pytlsd)
- Fast Gaussian blur: [Fast Gaussian blur](http://blog.ivank.net/fastest-gaussian-blur.html)
- Separable Convolution: [Separable Convolution](https://github.com/chaowang15/fast-image-convolution-cpp)

Commit message:

Separate blur and gauss downsample

README.md, after:

# lsd_modern (WIP)
 C++ code to try to modernize the original Line Segment Detect code

## Line Detection Comparison
Image comparison between pytlsd C++ (left) and Opencv C++ (right).
![LSD](https://github.com/ibaiGorordo/lsd_modern/blob/main/doc/img/lines.jpg)


Table with the comparison (ms) of the different parts of the code:

|                     | OpenCV (C++) | pytlsd (C++) | lsd_modern |
|---------------------|--------------|--------------|------------|
| Gaussian Blur       | 6            | 47           | 15         |
| Gaussian Downsample | 6            | 39           | 16         |
| Total               | 48           | 214          |            |

For a more detailed comparison check the [COMPARISONS.md](https://github.com/ibaiGorordo/lsd_modern/blob/main/COMPARISONS.md) file.

# Ref:
- LSD paper: [LSD: A Line Segment Detector](https://www.ipol.im/pub/art/2012/gjmr-lsd/)
- Original C code: [lsd c code](https://github.com/theWorldCreator/LSD)
- pytlsd repo: [pytlsd](https://github.com/rpautrat/pytlsd)
- Fast Gaussian blur: [Fast Gaussian blur](http://blog.ivank.net/fastest-gaussian-blur.html)
- Separable Convolution: [Separable Convolution](https://github.com/chaowang15/fast-image-convolution-cpp)
